c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FlooringMastery\FlooringMastery\bin\Debug\FlooringMastery.exe.config
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FlooringMastery\FlooringMastery\bin\Debug\FlooringMastery.exe
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FlooringMastery\FlooringMastery\bin\Debug\FlooringMastery.pdb
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FlooringMastery\FlooringMastery\bin\Debug\FlooringMastery.BLL.dll
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FlooringMastery\FlooringMastery\bin\Debug\FlooringMastery.Models.dll
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FlooringMastery\FlooringMastery\bin\Debug\FlooringMastery.Data.dll
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FlooringMastery\FlooringMastery\bin\Debug\FlooringMastery.BLL.pdb
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FlooringMastery\FlooringMastery\bin\Debug\FlooringMastery.Models.pdb
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FlooringMastery\FlooringMastery\bin\Debug\FlooringMastery.Data.pdb
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FlooringMastery\FlooringMastery\obj\Debug\FlooringMastery.UI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FlooringMastery\FlooringMastery\obj\Debug\FlooringMastery.exe
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FlooringMastery\FlooringMastery\obj\Debug\FlooringMastery.pdb
C:\Users\Chris\Desktop\FlooringMastery\FlooringMastery\obj\Debug\FlooringMastery.exe
C:\Users\Chris\Desktop\FlooringMastery\FlooringMastery\obj\Debug\FlooringMastery.pdb
C:\Users\Chris\Desktop\FlooringMastery\FlooringMastery\bin\Debug\FlooringMastery.exe.config
C:\Users\Chris\Desktop\FlooringMastery\FlooringMastery\bin\Debug\FlooringMastery.exe
C:\Users\Chris\Desktop\FlooringMastery\FlooringMastery\bin\Debug\FlooringMastery.pdb
C:\Users\Chris\Desktop\FlooringMastery\FlooringMastery\bin\Debug\FlooringMastery.BLL.dll
C:\Users\Chris\Desktop\FlooringMastery\FlooringMastery\bin\Debug\FlooringMastery.Models.dll
C:\Users\Chris\Desktop\FlooringMastery\FlooringMastery\bin\Debug\FlooringMastery.Data.dll
C:\Users\Chris\Desktop\FlooringMastery\FlooringMastery\bin\Debug\FlooringMastery.BLL.pdb
C:\Users\Chris\Desktop\FlooringMastery\FlooringMastery\bin\Debug\FlooringMastery.Models.pdb
C:\Users\Chris\Desktop\FlooringMastery\FlooringMastery\bin\Debug\FlooringMastery.Data.pdb
C:\Users\Chris\Desktop\FlooringMastery\FlooringMastery\obj\Debug\FlooringMastery.UI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Chris\Desktop\FlooringMastery - Copy (2)\FlooringMastery\bin\Debug\FlooringMastery.exe.config
C:\Users\Chris\Desktop\FlooringMastery - Copy (2)\FlooringMastery\bin\Debug\FlooringMastery.exe
C:\Users\Chris\Desktop\FlooringMastery - Copy (2)\FlooringMastery\bin\Debug\FlooringMastery.pdb
C:\Users\Chris\Desktop\FlooringMastery - Copy (2)\FlooringMastery\bin\Debug\FlooringMastery.BLL.dll
C:\Users\Chris\Desktop\FlooringMastery - Copy (2)\FlooringMastery\bin\Debug\FlooringMastery.Models.dll
C:\Users\Chris\Desktop\FlooringMastery - Copy (2)\FlooringMastery\bin\Debug\FlooringMastery.Data.dll
C:\Users\Chris\Desktop\FlooringMastery - Copy (2)\FlooringMastery\bin\Debug\FlooringMastery.BLL.pdb
C:\Users\Chris\Desktop\FlooringMastery - Copy (2)\FlooringMastery\bin\Debug\FlooringMastery.Models.pdb
C:\Users\Chris\Desktop\FlooringMastery - Copy (2)\FlooringMastery\bin\Debug\FlooringMastery.Data.pdb
C:\Users\Chris\Desktop\FlooringMastery - Copy (2)\FlooringMastery\obj\Debug\FlooringMastery.UI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Chris\Desktop\FlooringMastery - Copy (2)\FlooringMastery\obj\Debug\FlooringMastery.exe
C:\Users\Chris\Desktop\FlooringMastery - Copy (2)\FlooringMastery\obj\Debug\FlooringMastery.pdb
C:\Users\Chris\Documents\chris.taggart.self.work\Labs\FlooringMasteryComplete\FlooringMastery\bin\Debug\FlooringMastery.exe.config
C:\Users\Chris\Documents\chris.taggart.self.work\Labs\FlooringMasteryComplete\FlooringMastery\bin\Debug\FlooringMastery.exe
C:\Users\Chris\Documents\chris.taggart.self.work\Labs\FlooringMasteryComplete\FlooringMastery\bin\Debug\FlooringMastery.pdb
C:\Users\Chris\Documents\chris.taggart.self.work\Labs\FlooringMasteryComplete\FlooringMastery\bin\Debug\FlooringMastery.BLL.dll
C:\Users\Chris\Documents\chris.taggart.self.work\Labs\FlooringMasteryComplete\FlooringMastery\bin\Debug\FlooringMastery.Models.dll
C:\Users\Chris\Documents\chris.taggart.self.work\Labs\FlooringMasteryComplete\FlooringMastery\bin\Debug\FlooringMastery.Data.dll
C:\Users\Chris\Documents\chris.taggart.self.work\Labs\FlooringMasteryComplete\FlooringMastery\bin\Debug\FlooringMastery.BLL.pdb
C:\Users\Chris\Documents\chris.taggart.self.work\Labs\FlooringMasteryComplete\FlooringMastery\bin\Debug\FlooringMastery.Models.pdb
C:\Users\Chris\Documents\chris.taggart.self.work\Labs\FlooringMasteryComplete\FlooringMastery\bin\Debug\FlooringMastery.Data.pdb
C:\Users\Chris\Documents\chris.taggart.self.work\Labs\FlooringMasteryComplete\FlooringMastery\obj\Debug\FlooringMastery.UI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Chris\Documents\chris.taggart.self.work\Labs\FlooringMasteryComplete\FlooringMastery\obj\Debug\FlooringMastery.exe
C:\Users\Chris\Documents\chris.taggart.self.work\Labs\FlooringMasteryComplete\FlooringMastery\obj\Debug\FlooringMastery.pdb
